README.md, before:

# kaleidoscope
A vibrant, colourful dark theme for Discord heavily based on [the 2077 theme for VSCode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Endormi.2077-theme 'Thanks, Endormi!').

![Main Preview](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/715106442406920273/835786520216338452/kaleidoscope_preview_one.png)

## Installation

- Navigate to your `powercord` folder
- Go to `src > Powercord` and right click `themes`
- Select `Git Bash here` (as shown below) and then type

    ```shell
    git clone https://github.com/spinfish/kaleidoscope
    ```

![Git Bash](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/678012423067926539/835658793253470308/git_bash_here.png)

## Acknowledgements
Huge thanks to [endormi](https://github.com/endormi) of course for inspiring me to make this, and to everyone who helped me out with CSS stuff in the Powercord server, most notably the following people:

- [LuckFire](https://github.com/LuckFire/) for their incredible [Midnight Mars theme](https://github.com/LuckFire/midnight-mars) and for all the time and help they've given me :]
- [Doggybootsy](https://github.com/doggybootsy) and [void](https://github.com/voidfill) for their useful tidbits of advice, extensive CSS knowledge and help with fixing various things :)
- [emma 🌺](https://github.com/ghostlydilemma) for explaining how inline CSS has a higher specificity than sheet/embedded CSS and for always being so kind ^-^
- [katlyn](https://github.com/katlyn) for telling me just how bad `!important` is and general helpful advice :>

Thank you to my mum for helping me choose the right colours and styles (she has a keen eye for that).<br>
Couldn't have done it without yall <3

## Extra previews

![Preview Two](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/715106442406920273/835786531616063538/kaleidoscope_preview_two.png)
![Preview Three](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/715106442406920273/835786526864441344/kaleidoscope_preview_three.png)

Commit message:

Add extras, optimize selectors, restructure codebase, update README

README.md, after:

# kaleidoscope
A vibrant, colourful dark theme for Discord inspired by [the 2077 theme for VSCode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Endormi.2077-theme 'Thanks, Endormi!').

![Main Preview](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/666510091658330123/844840411863187506/kaleidoscope_preview.png)

## Features
- Customizable status colours
- Reverts the Discord visual update (to the best of its capacity)

**IMPORTANT NOTE**: If you use the [Better Status Indicators plugin by Harley](https://github.com/griefMoDz/better-status-indicators 'really cool plogin btw') **please make sure the theme variables setting is enabled** (under `Customise`).

## Installation

- Navigate to your `powercord` folder
- Go to `src > Powercord` and right click `themes`
- Select `Git Bash here` (as shown below) and then type

    ```shell
    git clone https://github.com/spinfish/kaleidoscope
    ```

![Git Bash](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/678012423067926539/835658793253470308/git_bash_here.png)

## Acknowledgements
Huge thanks to [endormi](https://github.com/endormi) of course for inspiring me to make this, and to everyone who helped me out with CSS stuff in the Powercord server, most notably the following people:

- [LuckFire](https://github.com/LuckFire/) for their incredible [Midnight Mars theme](https://github.com/LuckFire/midnight-mars) and for all the time and help they've given me :]
- [Doggybootsy](https://github.com/doggybootsy) and [void](https://github.com/voidfill) for their useful tidbits of advice, extensive CSS knowledge and help with fixing various things :)
- [emma 🌺](https://github.com/ghostlydilemma) for explaining how inline CSS has a higher specificity than sheet/embedded CSS and for always being so kind ^-^
- [katlyn](https://github.com/katlyn) for telling me just how bad `!important` is and general helpful advice :>

Thank you to my mum for helping me choose the right colours and styles (she has a keen eye for that).<br>
Couldn't have done it without yall <3

## Extra previews

![Preview Two](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/666510091658330123/844842456637898772/kaleidoscope_preview_two.png)
![Preview Three](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/666510091658330123/844846736669147147/kaleidoscope_preview_three.png)
